I am aware do not believe that I am me
I do not believe in magical politics are the
politicians we have already had several of
them and they are the failure and málaga
imagine you just said that it's worth
I do not have journalism because and
then they were reed and what is the sense
so ridiculous that I'm going to lift
my squad and a rule has to
fix with the one of jump they have to
fix with electricity not all that
can do ten blocks in four years
well it's good to imagine what it
missing the big city that appear to
trajectories for telling me what else has
that there are more guests to stop
stop talking to criticize me which
62 chicane because it's a nonsense to
next I tell you the truth in another
lying side go to your friend from another
radio from another television or other newspaper
It's nice because they're going to say that the
inning yes because you seem like that
will judge people do not like the sun or
to judge people in of people are not
juries people have they do not judge
the people not judging are the
judges
luckily villazon is not the one who chooses
the rulers not because I'm not
saying I'm just by myself but I have
right to explain to them that their
Theories of the ruler for me are the
theories of failure is called theory of
the magic and the
of the coast of the theory of
that they get the argument that the
Captain find out how it ended and where
arises
from where villazon says that to me what
He said
to me the truth that I would like to make a
practical visit here but good this
they do not let me talk they do not let me expose and
criticism and it's not even okay I
I can expose all you need in agreement
not those who are able to say
you agree not all those who do not
but the truth that seems absurd
everyone who has nothing to say
ending by saying
I must recognize experience we must
recognize that they were right those who
they said do not go to no sevilla it's because
of vice building the blog the only thing that
wants is to try to do what you visit
of the year
Avánzit throughout the year to insult from
offended if that what you have done
sometimes
is that many times from here many
Sometimes you have campaigned
many times you have done dirty campaigns
the truth I do not know the truth is not given
account that there are people who can not
cheat starts to withdraw insulting me
how do you feel you can not tell me
one by one but villazón do not repeat my
name that does not have tickets simply
the band does not correspond
just tell me a tdt left alone
I thought I thought it would be different
but the truth is, I said no, I'm going to
go see it live in the middle of the
street buy directly to the face to
that I insult him if he never inserts it if
I felt aggrieved many times
tell me one many times no
a good viewer I can not
can not say it or they are not the ones
listen to this program is not encouraged if I
I'm here and tell me if not if not me
I knew you were hostile called insulted
more people I will not ever have but many
times that they fear severe durán durán
dogwood last rabbits often me
has insulted this year I have been told
I keep it because it's going to go there and it's going to
to insult
Well the truth is that I do not like it
never never recorded it you believe or
someone told him many times
discounted but something else
in every way anyway or
one the viewers of this channel only
they are of course they give faith but
they will know if it is or not
do not you know is the grandmother said
patent must be I consider myself a
educated person
I did not hurt anyone, I did not insult
nobody if you do not succeed if you have done it
because I do not
It's one thing to be condescending and another
thing is to be respectful so respect
because invite a person and not
allow you to talk to your program not
invites to eat a journalist would do that
lets him speak to the guest and then
You can say what you want to know in
another place
what is not said in the air is not said
more good you do not stay alone and you can
insult me ​​quiet from Marseille
thank you very much thank you for having
come and the glass of respect to the
three lives expect to have come but
avoid walking during the camera gentlemen
thanks until Monday very kind